Introduction

Law Enforcement Administration:

The Law Enforcement  Administration (LEA) was a U.S. federal agency within the U.S. Dept. of Justice. It administered federal funding to state and local law 
enforcement agencies and funded educational programs, research, state planning agencies, and local crime initiatives that increased incarceration enabling corporations to 
re-introduce prison labor.

Criminalistics: 
Science-based processing and study of evidence of crimes.

Criminal Jurisprudence:

is the body of law that relates to crime. It proscribes conduct perceived as threatening, harmful, or otherwise endangering
to the property, health, safety, and moral welfare of people. Most criminal law is established by statute, which is to say that the laws are
enacted by a legislature. It includes the punishment of people who violate these laws. Criminal law varies according to jurisdiction, 
and differs from civil law, where emphasis is more on dispute resolution and victim compensation than on punishment.
 
Crime Detection:
 
is the attempt to reduce and deter crime and criminals. It is applied specifically to efforts made by governments to reduce crime, enforce the law,
and maintain criminal justice.
  
Sociology of Crimes:
  
seeks to understand why and how we punish; the general justifying aim of punishment and the principle of distribution. 
Punishment involves the intentional infliction of pain and/or the deprivation of rights and liberties. 
Sociologists of punishment usually examine state-sanctioned acts in relation to law-breaking; why, for instance, 
citizens give consent to the legitimation of acts of violence.
   
 Correctional Administration:
   
 In criminal justice, particularly in North America, correction, corrections, and correctional, 
are umbrella terms describing a variety of functions typically carried out by government agencies, and involving the punishment, treatment,
and supervision of persons who have been convicted of crimes.These functions commonly include imprisonment, parole and probation.
A typical correctional institution is a prison. A correctional system, also known as a penal system, thus refers to a network of agencies that 
administer a jurisdiction's prisons and community-based programs like parole and probation boards. This system is part of the larger criminal justice system, 
which additionally includes police, prosecution and courts.
Jurisdictions throughout Canada and the US have ministries or departments, respectively, of corrections, correctional services, or similarly-named agencies.
